shall the mind and body now: Project its awareness, attention, belief, and
intention into all times dimensions of undivided universal field of
consciousness and identity, accept and release attunement to all events,
information faults, and information faults hidden that compromises
awareness of, or define into existence, the transformed-from state? Or,
that cause this transformative information quanta to define into existence
the transformed-to system state? Or that cause this transformation to
seem dangerous, undeserved, or impossible to achieve? Create awareness,
acceptance, attunement, and belief of all corrective events and
transformative information quanta to define into existence the
transformed-to system state?

Create the intention to collapse the quantum potential the field’s reality
quantum potential of the field’s reality quant to manifest this
transformation? Create optimal attunement and coherence to the source of
creation, GOD, innate intelligence, and the consciousness of healing and
accept the role of co-creator of all experienced reality, NOW?

I am grateful GOD lives through me and causes my circulatory system to
remain clear and unobstructed for for optimum health and longevity.

I am thankful for my health, vitality, and motivation to eat properly,
exercise, and strengthen my body.

I appreciate GOD providing strength and direction to every cell in my
body ensuring my blood chemistry is, and remains optimal for excellent
health and longevity.

I am pleased my muscles, bones, joints, organs, nerves, tendons, and
ligaments all develop correctly and function normally.

I enjoy knowing GOD protects me throughout and beyond the physical
healing and development process.

I am happy my HDL, LDL, Triglycerides, and Blood Sugar levels are and
remain at ideal levels for my optimal health and longevity according to
GOD’s design.

I am grateful GOD’s healing hands are on me creating miracles in all
areas of my life.

I am thankful I wake up each morning yearning to eat healthy foods and
exercise in ways that ensure my HDL, LDL, Triglycerides, and Blood Sugar
levels are ideal.

I appreciate GOD’s almighty power flowing though me, creating miracles
in all areas of my life, and correcting, curing, and developing all
healthy aspects of my mind and my body.

I am pleased my blood, heart, arteries, and entire circulatory system
perpetually improves each day.

I am grateful to GOD for all the blessings bestowed upon me.

I am thankful I only crave healthy foods that provide my body with the
nutrition necessary for my optimum health and wellbeing.