shall the mind and body now: Project its awareness, attention, belief, and
intention into all times dimensions of undivided universal field of
consciousness and identity, accept and release attunement to all events,
information faults, and information faults hidden that compromises
awareness of, or define into existence, the transformed-from state? Or,
that cause this transformative information quanta to define into existence
the transformed-to system state? Or that cause this transformation to
seem dangerous, undeserved, or impossible to achieve? Create awareness,
acceptance, attunement, and belief of all corrective events and
transformative information quanta to define into existence the
transformed-to system state?

Create the intention to collapse the quantum potential the field’s reality
quantum potential of the field’s reality quant to manifest this
transformation? Create optimal attunement and coherence to the source of
creation, GOD, innate intelligence, and the consciousness of healing and
accept the role of co-creator of all experienced reality, NOW?

I am grateful GOD lives through me and inspires my body enter deep sleep
and heal miraculously during the night so that I enjoy optimum health.

I am thankful for my health, vitality, and ability to experience deep
healing sleep each and every night.

I appreciate GOD providing strength and direction to every cell in my
body allowing me to sleep deeply and heal all mental, physical, and
spiritual aspects of my being ensuring my optimum overall health.

I am pleased my muscles, bones, joints, organs, nerves, tendons, and
ligaments all heal well during my deep sleep and remain in optimum
condition according to GOD’s design.

I enjoy knowing GOD protects me throughout and beyond the physical
healing and development process.

I am happy my body, mind, and spirit grows stronger each and every day
as a result of my experiencing deep and restful sleep.

I am grateful GOD’s healing hands are on me creating miracles in all
areas of my life and allowing me to experience deep restful, healing
sleep each night.

I am thankful I am able to easily clear my thoughts when I lay down at
night to sleep, enter deep and restful sleep, and enjoy wonderful
uplifting dreams as my body, mind, and spirit heal, advance, and grow
stronger.

I appreciate GOD’s almighty power flowing though me, creating miracles
in all areas of my life, and correcting, curing, and developing all
healthy aspects of my mind and my body during my deep and restful sleep
each night.

I am pleased to wake each morning well rested, energized, and prepared
to face the challenges each day brings with confidence, a positive
attitude, and perseverance.

I am grateful to GOD for all the blessings bestowed upon me.

I am thankful I only crave healthy foods that provide my body with the
nutrition necessary to rest well, sleep deep, heal swiftly, and optimize
my health and wellbeing.