shall the mind and body now: Project its awareness, attention, belief, and
intention into all times dimensions of undivided universal field of
consciousness and identity, accept and release attunement to all events,
information faults, and information faults hidden that compromises
awareness of, or define into existence, the transformed-from state? Or,
that cause this transformative information quanta to define into existence
the transformed-to system state? Or that cause this transformation to
seem dangerous, undeserved, or impossible to achieve? Create awareness,
acceptance, attunement, and belief of all corrective events and
transformative information quanta to define into existence the
transformed-to system state?

Create the intention to collapse the quantum potential the field’s reality
quantum potential of the field’s reality quant to manifest this
transformation? Create optimal attunement and coherence to the source of
creation, GOD, innate intelligence, and the consciousness of healing and
accept the role of co-creator of all experienced reality, NOW?

I am grateful GOD lives through me and inspires me to believe in him,
trust in him, and follow biblical teachings.

I am thankful for my health, vitality, and motivation to include GOD in
all aspects of my life.

I appreciate GOD providing strength and direction to every cell in my
body which empowers my relationship with him more and more each and
every day.

I am pleased my personal relationship with GOD continues to grow stronger
as I strive to make him a greater influence in my life and live my life
according to GOD’s design.

I enjoy knowing GOD protects me and allows me to develop a deeper and
stronger relationship with him and demonstrate my beliefs and
relationship in all aspects of my life.

I am happy my deepening connection with GOD brings peace and harmony to
my life.

I am grateful GOD’s healing hands are on me creating miracles in all
areas of my life that I set an outstanding example of living the life of
a true believer.

I am thankful I wake up each morning yearning to share my faith and
understanding of our great Creator.

I appreciate GOD’s almighty power flowing through me and creating
miracles in all areas of my life.

I am pleased my undying faith in GOD allows me to live a relaxed and
perpetually blissful lifestyle.

I am grateful to GOD for all the blessings bestowed upon me.

I am thankful I know GOD and share my beliefs with others at every
opportunity.