shall the mind and body now: Project its awareness, attention, belief, and
intention into all times dimensions of undivided universal field of
consciousness and identity, accept and release attunement to all events,
information faults, and information faults hidden that compromises
awareness of, or define into existence, the transformed-from state? Or,
that cause this transformative information quanta to define into existence
the transformed-to system state? Or that cause this transformation to
seem dangerous, undeserved, or impossible to achieve? Create awareness,
acceptance, attunement, and belief of all corrective events and
transformative information quanta to define into existence the
transformed-to system state?

Create the intention to collapse the quantum potential the field’s reality
quantum potential of the field’s reality quant to manifest this
transformation? Create optimal attunement and coherence to the source of
creation, GOD, innate intelligence, and the consciousness of healing and
accept the role of co-creator of all experienced reality, NOW?

I am grateful GOD lives through me and inspires me to set and accomplish
clear and concise goals.

I am thankful for my health, vitality, and motivation to accomplish the
goals I set efficiently and effectively.

I appreciate GOD providing strength and direction to every cell in my
body ensuring I plan, focus, and accomplish my goals and live according
to GOD’s design.

I am pleased I can visualize, set, and accomplish goals I once thought
were beyond my abilities so long as they remain according to GOD’s
design.

I enjoy knowing GOD protects me and enables me to accomplish tasks I once
believed were unattainable.

I am happy I think positively and strive to legally and ethically
maximize my accomplishments and my profits.

I am grateful GOD’s healing hands are on me and create miracles in all
areas of my life.

I am thankful I wake up each morning yearning to work and accomplish my
list of goals and tasks in a timely manner.

I appreciate GOD’s almighty power flowing though me, creating miracles
in all areas of my life, and enabling me to accomplish my goals
efficiently and effectively.

I am pleased my ability to accomplish tasks and goals efficiently allows
me to live a relaxed and perpetually blissful life.

I am grateful to GOD for all the blessings bestowed upon me.

I am thankful that I only crave healthy foods that provide my mind and
body with the nutrition necessary for me to set and achieve all my goals
in record time.