shall the mind and body now: Project its awareness, attention, belief, and
intention into all times dimensions of undivided universal field of
consciousness and identity, accept and release attunement to all events,
information faults, and information faults hidden that compromises
awareness of, or define into existence, the transformed-from state? Or,
that cause this transformative information quanta to define into existence
the transformed-to system state? Or that cause this transformation to
seem dangerous, undeserved, or impossible to achieve? Create awareness,
acceptance, attunement, and belief of all corrective events and
transformative information quanta to define into existence the
transformed-to system state?

Create the intention to collapse the quantum potential the field’s reality
quantum potential of the field’s reality quant to manifest this
transformation? Create optimal attunement and coherence to the source of
creation, GOD, innate intelligence, and the consciousness of healing and
accept the role of co-creator of all experienced reality, NOW?

I am grateful GOD lives through me and inspires me to achieve and
maintain optimum health & wellbeing.

I am thankful for my health, vitality, and motivation to eat properly,
exercise, and maintain a strong and healthy body.

I appreciate GOD providing strength and direction to every cell in my
body ensuring optimum health and wellbeing.

I am pleased for having exceptional mental, physical, and emotional
health and stability allowing me to function at high levels of
efficiency and according to GOD’s design.

I enjoy knowing GOD protects me and keeps me safe from injury and
illness.

I am happy every cell in my body remains strong and my immune system
grows stronger each and every day.

I am grateful GOD’s healing hands are on me creating miracles in all
areas of my life.

I am thankful that I wake up each morning yearning to eat health foods
and exercise so that I maintain optimum health, wellbeing, and
longevity.
.
I appreciate GOD’s almighty flowing though me, creating miracles in all
areas of my life, and correcting, curing, and developing all healthy
aspects of my mind and my body.

I am pleased my muscles are strong, my body is healthy, I have great
balance, mental clarity, exceptional stamina and I continue growing
perpetually stronger and healthier each day.

I am grateful to GOD for all the blessings bestowed upon me.

I am thankful I only crave healthy foods that provide my body with the
nutrition necessary for my optimum health and wellbeing.