shall the mind and body now: Project its awareness, attention, belief, and
intention into all times dimensions of undivided universal field of
consciousness and identity, accept and release attunement to all events,
information faults, and information faults hidden that compromises
awareness of, or define into existence, the transformed-from state? Or,
that cause this transformative information quanta to define into existence
the transformed-to system state? Or that cause this transformation to
seem dangerous, undeserved, or impossible to achieve? Create awareness,
acceptance, attunement, and belief of all corrective events and
transformative information quanta to define into existence the
transformed-to system state?

Create the intention to collapse the quantum potential the field’s reality
quantum potential of the field’s reality quant to manifest this
transformation? Create optimal attunement and coherence to the source of
creation, GOD, innate intelligence, and the consciousness of healing and
accept the role of co-creator of all experienced reality, NOW?

I am grateful GOD lives through me and inspires my mind and body to heal
miraculously so I no longer suffer from Attention Deficient or Hyper
Activity disorder.

I am thankful for my health, vitality, and ability to control my
hyperactivity, remain calm, pay attention to details, and focus on tasks
through to completion.

I appreciate GOD providing strength and direction to every cell in my
body ensuring efficient, effective, and proper healing of my Attention
Deficient Hyper Activity disorder throughout the entire curative
process.

I am pleased my confidence grows with each passing day, I function
normally, I no longer suffer from low self-esteem, and I no longer have
difficulty maintaining meaningful relationships.

I enjoy knowing GOD protects me throughout and beyond the healing and
developmental process as I no longer suffer from Attention Deficient
Hyper Activity disorder.

I am happy my ability to focus grows stronger each and every day.

I am grateful GOD’s healing hands are on me creating miracles in all
areas of my life.

I am thankful I remain calm and in control of my hyperactivity.

I appreciate GOD’s almighty power flowing though me, creating miracles
in all areas of my life, and correcting, curing, and developing all
healthy aspects of my mind and my body.

I am pleased I am fully capable of being attentive and consistently
focusing on any and all projects and situations I encounter.

I am grateful to GOD for all the blessings bestowed upon me.

I am thankful I do not suffer from Attention Deficient Hyper Activity
disorder and only crave healthy foods that provide my body with the
nutrition necessary to optimize my health and wellbeing.