shall the mind and body now: Project its awareness, attention, belief, and
intention into all times dimensions of undivided universal field of
consciousness and identity, accept and release attunement to all events,
information faults, and information faults hidden that compromises
awareness of, or define into existence, the transformed-from state? Or,
that cause this transformative information quanta to define into existence
the transformed-to system state? Or that cause this transformation to
seem dangerous, undeserved, or impossible to achieve? Create awareness,
acceptance, attunement, and belief of all corrective events and
transformative information quanta to define into existence the
transformed-to system state?

Create the intention to collapse the quantum potential the field’s reality
quantum potential of the field’s reality quant to manifest this
transformation? Create optimal attunement and coherence to the source of
creation, GOD, innate intelligence, and the consciousness of healing and
accept the role of co-creator of all experienced reality, NOW?

I am grateful GOD lives through me and inspires me to achieve deep
relaxation, peace, and harmony in all aspects of my life.

I am thankful for my health, vitality, and motivation to eat properly,
exercise, and always maintain control of my thoughts, emotions, and
mental state.

I appreciate GOD providing strength and direction to every cell in my
body ensuring I am emotionally stable and maintain a relaxed and focused
attitude regardless of my personal situation.

I am pleased I always think positive, manage my thoughts, and live each
day in a relaxed and emotionally stable state of mind according to GOD’s
design.

I enjoy knowing GOD protects me and allows me to remain relaxed knowing
everything in my life will turn out well.

I am happy I think positively, I do not dwell on negative issues, and I
control my thoughts at all times.

I am grateful GOD’s healing hands are on me creating miracles in all
areas of my life.

I am thankful I wake up each morning yearning to eat healthy foods and
exercise in ways that ensure I live a peaceful and emotionally stable
life.

I appreciate GOD’s almighty power flowing though me, creating miracles
in all areas of my life, and correcting, curing, and developing all
healthy aspects of my mind and my body for the better.

I am pleased my mental health and emotional stability allow me to live a
relaxed and perpetually blissful life.

I am grateful to GOD for all the blessings bestowed upon me.

I am thankful that I only crave healthy foods that provide my mind and
body with the nutrition necessary for my optimum health, wellbeing, and
longevity.