shall the mind and body now: Project its awareness, attention, belief, and
intention into all times dimensions of undivided universal field of
consciousness and identity, accept and release attunement to all events,
information faults, and information faults hidden that compromises
awareness of, or define into existence, the transformed-from state? Or,
that cause this transformative information quanta to define into existence
the transformed-to system state? Or that cause this transformation to
seem dangerous, undeserved, or impossible to achieve? Create awareness,
acceptance, attunement, and belief of all corrective events and
transformative information quanta to define into existence the
transformed-to system state?

Create the intention to collapse the quantum potential the field’s reality
quantum potential of the field’s reality quant to manifest this
transformation? Create optimal attunement and coherence to the source of
creation, GOD, innate intelligence, and the consciousness of healing and
accept the role of co-creator of all experienced reality, NOW?

I am grateful GOD lives through me and inspires me to eat right,
exercise, and reach my ideal weight quickly and effectively.

I am thankful for my health, vitality, and motivation to eat properly,
exercise, and strengthen my body while losing unhealthy and unwanted fat.

I am appreciate GOD providing strength and direction to every cell in my
body ensuring I control my food intake, exercise, and reach my weight
loss goal.

I am pleased for having the time to buy and prepare healthy foods,
exercise, and focus on my overall health.

I enjoy knowing GOD protects me and inspires me to become healthy and fit
and live my life according to GOD’s design.

I am happy I have the desire and power to avoid eating sugary foods and
unhealthy snacks in order control my caloric intake and lose excess
weight.

I am grateful GOD’s healing hands are on me and create miracles in all
areas of my life.

I am thankful I wake up each morning yearning to eat healthy foods and
exercise in ways that ensure I reach and maintain my ideal body weight.

I appreciate GOD’s almighty power flowing though me and empowering me to
do whatever it takes to reach my ultimate weight and fitness level.

I am pleased my continued efforts to reach and maintain my ultimate
weight and fitness are rewarded with increased energy, great stamina, and
good mental and physical health.

I am grateful to GOD for all the blessings bestowed upon me.

I am thankful that I only crave healthy foods that provide my mind and
body with the nutrition necessary for my optimum health, wellbeing, and
longevity.