shall the mind and body now: Project its awareness, attention, belief, and
intention into all times dimensions of undivided universal field of
consciousness and identity, accept and release attunement to all events,
information faults, and information faults hidden that compromises
awareness of, or define into existence, the transformed-from state? Or,
that cause this transformative information quanta to define into existence
the transformed-to system state? Or that cause this transformation to
seem dangerous, undeserved, or impossible to achieve? Create awareness,
acceptance, attunement, and belief of all corrective events and
transformative information quanta to define into existence the
transformed-to system state?

Create the intention to collapse the quantum potential the field’s reality
quantum potential of the field’s reality quant to manifest this
transformation? Create optimal attunement and coherence to the source of
creation, GOD, innate intelligence, and the consciousness of healing and
accept the role of co-creator of all experienced reality, NOW?

I am grateful GOD lives through me and blesses all aspects of my life.

I am thankful for my health, vitality, and motivation to pursue a deeper
understanding of the Trinity so that I become a shining example of
someone who’s life is truly blessed and lived according to GOD’s design.

I appreciate GOD providing strength and direction to every cell in my
body and blesses my life in countless ways.
I am pleased I have the freedom to worship our creator, follow his
teachings, and receive blessings according to GOD’s design.

I enjoy knowing GOD protects me, blesses me, and allows me to pursue a
deep and personal relationship with him.

I am happy I can pray, speak with GOD directly, seek his advice, follow
his teachings, and receive his blessings.

I am grateful GOD’s healing hands are on me creating miracles in all
areas of my life.

I am thankful I wake up each morning inspired to learn, trust, and follow
GOD’s plan for my life.

I appreciate GOD’s almighty power flowing though me and creating
miracles in all areas of my life.

I am pleased my life is blessed and I live a perpetually blissful life.

I am grateful to GOD for all the blessings bestowed upon me.

I am thankful to GOD for his forgiveness, understanding, and love.