shall the mind and body now: Project its awareness, attention, belief, and
intention into all times dimensions of undivided universal field of
consciousness and identity, accept and release attunement to all events,
information faults, and information faults hidden that compromises
awareness of, or define into existence, the transformed-from state? Or,
that cause this transformative information quanta to define into existence
the transformed-to system state? Or that cause this transformation to
seem dangerous, undeserved, or impossible to achieve? Create awareness,
acceptance, attunement, and belief of all corrective events and
transformative information quanta to define into existence the
transformed-to system state?

Create the intention to collapse the quantum potential the field’s reality
quantum potential of the field’s reality quant to manifest this
transformation? Create optimal attunement and coherence to the source of
creation, GOD, innate intelligence, and the consciousness of healing and
accept the role of co-creator of all experienced reality, NOW?

I am grateful GOD lives through me and inspires me to see the best in
every person and every opportunity.

I am thankful for my life, health, and vitality and express my
appreciation by always focusing on the positive aspects of every
situation I encounter.

I appreciate GOD providing strength and direction to every cell in my
body which I use to maintain a positive attitude regardless of my
personal situation.

I am pleased I always think positive, manage my thoughts, and live each
day striving energetically to accomplish goals which positively effect
my life and the lives of those around me according to GOD’s design.

I enjoy knowing GOD protects me and allows me to achieve things I once
thought impossible.

I am happy I think positively, I do not dwell on negative issues, and I
control my thoughts at all times.

I am grateful GOD’s healing hands are on me creating miracles in all
areas of my life.

I am thankful I wake up each morning yearning to efficiently accomplish
as many tasks as possible to ensure success in all my endeavors.

I appreciate GOD’s almighty power flowing through me and creating
miracles in all areas of my life as a reward my optimism.

I am pleased my mental health and emotional stability allow me remain
positive and live a relaxed and perpetually blissful life.

I am grateful to GOD for all the blessings bestowed upon me.

I am thankful that I only seek the good in myself, the good in others,
the good in the world around me, and the greatness of the live I am
living.