shall the mind and body now: Project its awareness, attention, belief, and
intention into all times dimensions of undivided universal field of
consciousness and identity, accept and release attunement to all events,
information faults, and information faults hidden that compromises
awareness of, or define into existence, the transformed-from state? Or,
that cause this transformative information quanta to define into existence
the transformed-to system state? Or that cause this transformation to
seem dangerous, undeserved, or impossible to achieve? Create awareness,
acceptance, attunement, and belief of all corrective events and
transformative information quanta to define into existence the
transformed-to system state?

Create the intention to collapse the quantum potential the field’s reality
quantum potential of the field’s reality quant to manifest this
transformation? Create optimal attunement and coherence to the source of
creation, GOD, innate intelligence, and the consciousness of healing and
accept the role of co-creator of all experienced reality, NOW?

I am grateful GOD lives through me and inspires me to be a better, more
compassionate, and understanding partner and spouse each and every day.

I am thankful for my health, vitality, and motivation to be a more
loving, compassionate, understanding, and supportive partner to my spouse
with each passing day.

I appreciate GOD providing strength and direction to every cell in my
body ensuring I continue to grow and develop into a more loyal,
supportive, loving, compassionate, and understanding partner to my
spouse.

I am pleased that I listen attentively to my spouse, ask them pertinent
questions, and allow my spouse to express their feelings, opinion, and
emotions without interruption or judgement.

I enjoy knowing GOD protects me and enables me to be the best and most
loving and supportive spouse I can be.

I am happy that I enjoy a wonderful, fun-filled, loving, and passionate
relationship with my spouse.

I am grateful GOD’s healing hands are on me and create miracles in all
areas of my life.

I am thankful I wake up each morning well rested, excited, and yearning
to spend quality time with my spouse.

I appreciate GOD’s almighty power flowing though me, creating miracles
in all areas of my life, and enabling me to fulfill my spouse’s desires
and expectations.

I am pleased spending quality time with my spouse, sharing special
moments, and living a relaxed and perpetually blissful life together.

I am grateful to GOD for all the blessings bestowed upon me.

I am thankful that I only crave healthy foods that provide my mind and
body with the nutrition necessary for me to enjoy optimum health and
fulfill all my marital duties & responsibilities.