shall the mind and body now: Project its awareness, attention, belief, and
intention into all times dimensions of undivided universal field of
consciousness and identity, accept and release attunement to all events,
information faults, and information faults hidden that compromises
awareness of, or define into existence, the transformed-from state? Or,
that cause this transformative information quanta to define into existence
the transformed-to system state? Or that cause this transformation to
seem dangerous, undeserved, or impossible to achieve? Create awareness,
acceptance, attunement, and belief of all corrective events and
transformative information quanta to define into existence the
transformed-to system state?

Create the intention to collapse the quantum potential the field’s reality
quantum potential of the field’s reality quant to manifest this
transformation? Create optimal attunement and coherence to the source of
creation, GOD, innate intelligence, and the consciousness of healing and
accept the role of co-creator of all experienced reality, NOW?

I am grateful GOD lives through me and inspires me to prioritize and
accomplish my most important tasks throughout each day.

I am thankful for my health, vitality, and motivation to organize and
execute as many tasks as possible each and every day.

I appreciate GOD providing strength and direction to every cell in my
body ensuring I have the strength, focus, and determination to
accomplish my tasks while not wasting my time and energy on
unproductive things like snacking, watching TV, talking without purpose
in person or on the phone, or sleeping too much.

I am pleased for the opportunity to focus on prioritizing and
efficiently accomplishing tasks in order to complete my projects
efficiently and effectively and live my life according to GOD’s design.

I enjoy knowing GOD protects me and provides me with the time, talent,
insight, and focus to accomplish my tasks quickly, accurately, and
completely.

I am happy I am productive each day and my accomplishments are
efficient, effective, and profitable.

I am grateful GOD’s healing hands are on me and create miracles in all
areas of my life.

I am thankful I wake up each morning yearning to eat healthy foods and
exercise in ways that enhance my ability to complete my tasks and
fulfill my responsibilities.

I appreciate GOD’s almighty power flowing though me, creating miracles
in all areas of my life, and giving me miraculous insight, as well as
the motivation to be productive every minute of every day.

I am pleased my schedule allows me time to focus on accomplishing my
tasks.

I am grateful to GOD for all the blessings bestowed upon me.

I am thankful I am creative, imaginative, constructive, and find great
satisfaction getting things accomplished.