shall the mind and body now: Project its awareness, attention, belief, and
intention into all times dimensions of undivided universal field of
consciousness and identity, accept and release attunement to all events,
information faults, and information faults hidden that compromises
awareness of, or define into existence, the transformed-from state? Or,
that cause this transformative information quanta to define into existence
the transformed-to system state? Or that cause this transformation to
seem dangerous, undeserved, or impossible to achieve? Create awareness,
acceptance, attunement, and belief of all corrective events and
transformative information quanta to define into existence the
transformed-to system state?

Create the intention to collapse the quantum potential the field’s reality
quantum potential of the field’s reality quant to manifest this
transformation? Create optimal attunement and coherence to the source of
creation, GOD, innate intelligence, and the consciousness of healing and
accept the role of co-creator of all experienced reality, NOW?

I am grateful GOD lives through me and inspires me to find solace in all
aspects in my life.

I am thankful for my mental wellbeing which allows me to focus on all the
positive aspects of my life, rather than dwelling on depressing,
stressful, or emotionally draining issues that detract from my emotional
stability.

I appreciate GOD providing strength and direction to every cell in my
body, ensuring I remain emotionally stable and maintain a positive
outlook on my life regardless of my situation.

I am pleased I always manage my thoughts, think positive, avoid negative
or depressing thoughts, and live each day with a upbeat, positive, and
emotionally stable state of mind according to GOD’s design.

I enjoy knowing GOD protects me and gives me the mental fortitude to
control my thoughts and emotions while remaining positive and
emotionally stable knowing everything in my life will turn out well.

I am happy I control my own thoughts at all times and no longer dwell on
negative thoughts or issues.

I am grateful GOD’s healing hands are on me and create miracles in all
areas of my life.

I am thankful I wake up each morning with a positive outlook on life that
lasts throughout my entire day and night ensuring I live a peaceful and
emotionally stable life.

I appreciate GOD’s almighty power flowing though me, creating miracles
in all areas of my life, and correcting, curing, developing, and
improving my mind, my body, and my emotional stability.

I am pleased my mental health and emotional stability allow me to live a
positive, relaxed, and perpetually blissful lifestyle.

I am grateful to GOD for all the blessings bestowed upon me.

I am thankful that I only focus on positive thoughts and crave healthy
foods that provide my mind and body with the nutrition necessary for my
optimum health, emotional wellbeing, and longevity.