shall the mind and body now: Project its awareness, attention, belief, and
intention into all times dimensions of undivided universal field of
consciousness and identity, accept and release attunement to all events,
information faults, and information faults hidden that compromises
awareness of, or define into existence, the transformed-from state? Or,
that cause this transformative information quanta to define into existence
the transformed-to system state? Or that cause this transformation to
seem dangerous, undeserved, or impossible to achieve? Create awareness,
acceptance, attunement, and belief of all corrective events and
transformative information quanta to define into existence the
transformed-to system state?

Create the intention to collapse the quantum potential the field’s reality
quantum potential of the field’s reality quant to manifest this
transformation? Create optimal attunement and coherence to the source of
creation, GOD, innate intelligence, and the consciousness of healing and
accept the role of co-creator of all experienced reality, NOW?

I am grateful GOD lives through me causing me to release stress, release
anxiety, and live a calm and peaceful life.

I am thankful for my health, vitality, and the motivation to breathe
deeply, eat slowly, consume nutritious foods, and exercise as a means of
releasing my stress, worries, anxiety, and frustration.

I appreciate GOD providing strength and direction to every cell in my
body ensuring I live free from stress, worry, uncertainty, and
nervousness.

I am pleased I live a stress free, happy, and fun filled life with
exceptional mental, physical, and emotional health and stability.

I enjoy knowing I can rely upon my relationship with GOD knowing GOD
protects me and keeps me safe so I have no reason to stress, no reason
to worry, no reason for uncertainty, and no reason to be nervous.

I am happy every cell in my body remains strong and the confidence in my
ability to control my life and my future grows stronger each and every
day.

I am grateful GOD’s healing hands are on me creating miracles in all
areas of my life.

I am thankful that I wake up each morning yearning to confidently take on
whatever tasks come my way without stress, worry, uncertainly, or
nervousness.
.
I appreciate GOD’s almighty power flowing though me, creating miracles
in all areas of my life, and correcting, curing, and developing all
healthy aspects of my mind and my body.

I am pleased with my mental clarity, my ability to remain calm and in
control off my activities, and focus on tasks without distraction as I
continue growing perpetually stronger and healthier each day.

I am grateful to GOD for all the blessings bestowed upon me.

I am thankful that I control my own destiny without fear, without
stress, without worry, without uncertainty, and without nervousness.